Update note about MacOS compatibility (#2392)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/quickstart.rst

.. note::

>     Certain parts of MLflow do not function on the MacOS system due to installation issues related to Python. We
>     recommend installing Python 3 through the `Homebrew <https://brew.sh/>`_ package manager using
>     ``brew install python``. (In this case, installing MLflow is now ``pip3 install mlflow``).  
>     
>     As of 1.6, mlflow tracking is easy to install and works fine on MacOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    MLflow works on MacOS. If you run into issues with the default system Python on MacOS, try
    installing Python 3 through the `Homebrew <https://brew.sh/>`_ package manager using
    ``brew install python``. (In this case, installing MLflow is now ``pip3 install mlflow``).  
```

.. note::

    MLflow works on MacOS. If you run into issues with the default system Python on MacOS, try
    installing Python 3 through the `Homebrew <https://brew.sh/>`_ package manager using

>     ``brew install python``. (In this case, installing MLflow is now ``pip3 install mlflow``).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``brew install python``. (In this case, installing MLflow is now ``pip3 install mlflow``).
```
